- ♪ Rise of the ♪
♪ Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles ♪
♪ Rise of the ♪
♪ Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles ♪
♪ Heroes in the half-shell
Turtle power ♪
♪ Rising up against evil
paint the city green ♪
♪ Raph is ready for a fight
Leo's making a scene ♪
♪ Mikey's got mad skills
Donnie rocks machines ♪
♪ With each other
they discover ♪
♪ Their destiny and rise ♪
♪ Cowabunga ♪
♪ Rise of the ♪
♪ Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles ♪
♪ Heroes in the half-shell
Turtle power ♪
♪ Rise ♪
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- [growls]
Hmm.
- [screams]
- Señor Hueso,
you gotta help me.
- Certainly.
I will begin by teaching you
how to leave. Bye-bye.
- But this is an emergency.
You won't believe
what happened.
[piano trill]
- Oh, yeah.
- Gotta make it
to Run of the Mill Pizza
before they close.
- Mmm, I can't wait to try
their new meatless option:
Vegetable.
- Say no more, mis hermanos.
- Huh?
- I'll use my ultrareliable
portaling sword
to get us there.
Hachi machi!
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
[all screaming]
- Ugh!
Huh?
[siren wails distantly]
Oy vey.
I came out fine, but when they
came out, they didn't come out.
My brothers are gone.
- Ah, this sounds like
a classic case
of porthole jacking.
- Uh, duh.
What's porthole jacking?
Hidden City pirates can steal
the contents of a portal,
especially if the portal maker
is, shall we say, lame.
- [chuckles]
You'll have plenty more
chances to zing me
while you help me
find my brothers. Vámonos!
- [sighs]
While I would like to help
my favorite customer,
you're not him.
[angelic music]
And I do not go
to the Hidden City.
Look on the bright side:
you'll get used to
the crushing loneliness.
- Ugh, look, bone man.
My brothers and I
buy enough pizza
to put Hueso, Jr.,
through bone college.
Have you seen
our frequent buyer card?
[whimsical music]
- [sighs]
Fine.
I will show you the way
to the Hidden City,
but my help ends there.
- The Hidden City
is in the trash?
- There are many doorways,
but this one fits you best.
[compactor clunking]
- Sweet, in we go.
- No, no, I am not--
wha?
- [screams]
[both screaming]
- Ugh, ugh.
[groans]
Whoa, who's your architect,
Frank Lloyd Gargoyle?
- You fool!
You should not have brought me!
- Halt!
Hidden City Police!
- Hueso? How dare you show
your skull here.
We're taking you in!
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
- Huh?
Gah.
- [grunting]
- Ah!
- You'll pay for this!
- I, Baron Draxum,
humbly apologize!
- [panting]
- Señor Hueso,
are you a wanted man?
- Yes!
[screams]
- [chuckles]
You are full of surprises.
- You have no idea.
- [gasps]
- So long, amigo!
- Huh!
- No, no, no, no, no!
- [chuckles]
- Do you have any idea
how much danger
you have put me in?
- I do now, so where we goin'?
- Where the police
dare not go.
- Splinter's laundry pile?
- Ugh!
[groans]
- [whistles]
all: ♪ Yar har, yar har ♪
♪ The baddest pirates
by far, far ♪
♪ We takes your portal,
it makes us chortle ♪
♪ Blah, blah, blah, blah ♪
♪ We're pirates,
not lyricists ♪
- Ooh, the docks.
Interesting vibe,
sort of Cape Cod
meets state prison.
- Okay, here is the plan:
you stay here, and I will
find a way back to New York.
- Dude, let me say this
in a language
you can understand: no.
I saved your tailbone
back there.
You owe me.
- Okay, pepino, if this is
the only way I get out of here
in 206 pieces,
I will give you what you need.
Come.
Do you see that one over there?
That one knows everything
you need to know.
Now, you go show him
who is the top dog.
- Hard as nails!
All right, pipsqueak,
I'm top dog,
and you're gonna
answer my questions.
- Huh?
- [growls]
You hasslin' my gram-gram?
- He says he's top dog.
- [chuckles nervously]
- I'm top dog!
[dog barks]
- Ah!
- [yells]
- Oh.
[groans]
Señor, I didn't do so good.
You are not ditching me here!
[adventurous music]
Get back here,
you skinless coward!
You're gonna help me
find my brothers.
- Estúpido.
[screams]
- Get in here.
[mystical music]
[both screaming]
You, you set me up!
- I did, yes.
- I ought to portal you
right back to the cops.
- Hmm, with no sword?
- Uh, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
[screams]
Portal jacked again?
First my brothers,
now my sword.
What's gonna happen
the next time?
Oh, wait, there won't be a next
time because I have no sword.
Oh!
- There, there.
You will be fine.
Good-bye.
- I will not be fine.
There's no team
with just a faceman.
I need my brainy guy
and my smashy guy
and my "eats peanut butter
with his fingers" guy.
I'm nothing without them.
You wouldn't understand.
I guess your heart's
made of bone too.
Adios, Hueso.
- [sighs]
Pepino, wait.
I do know what it is
to lose someone.
I will help you.
The theft of your sword might
be a blessing in disguise.
This shop is known
for selling stolen weapons.
The portal thieves may come
here to unload your sword.
- There they are!
Bonehead, you're a genius.
Hot soup!
Yah!
- [grunting]
[chuckles]
Olé!
- [laughs]
Oh!
Huh?
- The "Queen Alexis."
- That must be the ship
where they've got my bros.
Raph, Mikey,
I guess maybe Donnie,
I'm coming for ya!
- We'll need disguises
to get onboard.
You went with
two eye patches, eh?
- I think I know
what I'm doin'.
Ugh!
So where's the ship?
- There!
- Sky pirates,
you are goin' down!
[sword zinging]
- Wait, we need
to formulate a...
[screams]
[both screaming]
Plan.
- Don't worry,
my plan is to wing it.
- Oy vey.
- Yar, who be ye?
- Who be we?
We be yar ship's entertainment.
I'm Captain Bluemask,
and this is my hilarious
sidekick, Jolly Roger.
Boy, Rog,
you sure have lost weight.
- Please, do not do this.
- Okay, looks like somebody's
lost his funny bone.
[accordion flourish]
[crickets chirp]
- That joke is so lame,
it requires a peg leg.
[laughter]
- I get it!
- That was good.
That was good.
But, remember,
you're the straight man.
Boy, this Hidden City weather,
am I right?
Speaking of which, what's
the deal with portal jacking?
Anybody done
any of that lately?
- That hits too close to home!
- I'm starting to think
these two
are not a polished
ventriloquist act.
- Hueso.
- Huh?
- Piel!
- It is Capitán Piel to you.
[triumphant musical flourish]
- Ew.
- Be careful, my crew.
It is the most wanted pirate
in the Hidden City.
- Yar, right.
[laughter]
- Wait a sec,
you were a pirate?
Dude, you're killin' it today!
- I was never a pirate.
He tricked me into
going on one mission,
and I'm forever branded
a criminal in the Hidden City.
- You were such a coward,
you ran away
from a basic plundering.
Ha, you should have heard
his bones rattle.
- I was but a child!
But I fear you no more,
hermano.
- [chuckles]
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
hermano?
You guys are--
- Yes, we are brothers.
One last chance, Piel.
Leave this life,
and we can be brothers again.
- You know the old saying:
skin and bones do not mix.
[laughing]
- [screams]
[adventurous music]
♪ ♪
- Avast, ye!
[laughing]
- [screams]
- Okay, maybe you're better off
without your brother,
but I'm still
gonna get mine.
- [laughs]
- [grunting]
Ah!
- Looks like you're done,
matey.
- Oh? Not if I portal you
to the Hidden City Police.
Hachi machi!
- Pepino,
this has never worked.
- Ah!
[ethereal music]
♪ ♪
[all scream]
- Whoa, where'd you guys
come from?
I mean, hey, check it out.
I freed you
from your pirate prison.
You're welcome.
- Pirate prison?
- You portaled us
to Tahiti.
- The sewers there
are fabulous.
- Whoo-ha!
Come on, come on, come on,
help us fight these guys.
- No, I want a refill
on my coconut.
- Take us back to Tahiti.
- More Tahiti!
- It would get us
out of this.
Okay, Tahiti,
here we come!
[ethereal music]
♪ ♪
- Ah, no.
- [screams]
- Oh, is this Tahiti?
Well, then allow me
to make a sand angel
in this lovely
soft wooden sand. Ouch.
- Okay, not what I meant to do,
but I got rid of the pirates.
[horn blaring]
- You sure did!
- Huh?
- Uh, we were, uh, bravely
surveilling the situation
and we saw what happened.
You're a hero, Hueso.
- Then I am off
the most wanted list?
- Well, ya are now.
- Ah, gracias, pepino.
- No problem, bone man.
- What do you suppose
has become of my brother?
- Oh, I guarantee I sent him
to the worst place possible.
- And what is the deal
with plundering, eh?
[laughter]
all: ♪ Birthday girl,
it's your birthday ♪
♪ Birthday girl,
- I don't know why
you are even bothering.
I told you guys my birthdays
are always a disaster.
It's cursed.
- Curse, smursh.
We are gonna birthday so hard,
you're gonna need
a permission slip.
[loud crash]
[all groan]
- What was that?
[engine hissing]
- Ah!
- Oh, I guess the cannon works.
Power level, good.
Aim, needs work.
- Are you sure
it's safe for my hair
to shoot me
out of this thing?
- Of course.
Magician's assistants have been
shot out of cannons for years.
But if you're concerned,
we could go back
to sawing you in ten.
- Newsflash: you actually
saw me into tiny pieces.
It's incredibly painful.
- Well, you don't
think it's painful,
me, cutting
my roomie up?
I'm a mutant,
not a monster.
[loud thumping]
They found us.
[suspenseful music]
- Play it cool.
- Hard to do without
an air conditioner.
[rim shot]
- Nailed it.
- Ah, it was a great setup.
- Okay, give it to me
straight.
How bad is the damage?
- Oh, it's, uh,
not that bad.
- Oh, it's real bad,
real, real, real, real, real,
real, real, real, real bad.
- See, I told you
my birthday was cursed.
- Come on, relax.
This is just a mini bump
in the road, a hiccup.
There's no way
this night gets worse.
[explosion]
[dramatic music]
- Ugh!
- Ah!
- What was that?
- [groans]
[dramatic musical flourish]
- Your gauntlet
will be mine, worm man.
- Breaking news:
the gauntlet stays with me!
[lasers zapping]
- Enough of this.
[dramatic music]
- Oh, ah, ooh, ah, oh!
Huh?
- Alakaboom!
[tinkling music]
- Take that,
you horn-headed freak!
- Oh, my turtles,
how very not nice to see you.
- April's birthday
really is cursed.
- We cannot
let her see this.
- Yeah, we gotta
get out of here.
- [grunts]
- Real quick, we just
need to take care
of this tiny, no-big-deal,
non-life-threatening situation.
Then it's on
to April birthday fun.
- Prepare to fire
some cool weapons!
- Which ones?
- All of them.
- Okay, who is that,
and how'd he get in here?
- [gasps]
Hold the phone!
You're Warren Stone.
I'd recognize
that hair anywhere!
- Why, yes, I am.
Are you a Stonehead?
That's what I call my fans.
- Member since ♪ 2010 ♪
- Excellent.
Now by the power vested in me
by my own fan club,
I'm deputizing you
to get my hippo roomie back.
- Where's my roommate/friend/
magical assistant?
- Surprise!
We don't have him.
Uh, they have him.
Double surprise.
- Get off my console!
- I'll save you, Warren!
Ah!
- No!
Give him back!
- Oh, no.
[explosion]
- Wha?
- Warren!
- Hypno!
[all screaming]
[ominous music]
- Oh.
- What does this thing do,
and why does Draxum want it?
Hmm? Hmm?
- I don't know,
but it's amazing.
I call her Charlotte.
She's like a toupee
but for your fist.
- The gauntlet is part
of the dark armor.
We cannot let Draxum have it.
So now to do
some light removing
of a thing
attached to another thing.
- What the?
Donnie!
- It's fine.
He regenerates, remember?
- Uh, no.
[flames roaring,
metal clanking]
- Stop!
This is a sign.
Maybe this is finally the year
my birthday is awesome.
- Because we've got a worm man
tied to a pole?
You need to raise
your standards.
- This is my birthday,
and Warren Stone
is the GOAT of news anchors.
We've gotta help him get his
friend/roomie/it's complicated
back from Baron Draxum.
It's my birthday wish.
[all groan]
- You're invoking
B-day rights on him?
- He might be a villain,
but so is Baron Sheep Man,
and the enemy of your enemy
is a--monster!
- [squeals]
[all scream]
- Is that a note
from Draxum?
- What, he couldn't
send an email?
- "Give us the gauntlet
or your kiwi friend
"becomes a smoothie.
"Let's not be tacky and avoid
a violent exchang...ie.
Love, Huginn and Muninn."
- You guys,
we gotta help 'em.
- Hard pass.
- [whimpering]
[soft music]
- I know I'm a famous worm
villain, but I need your help.
When news fame left,
so did everyone I knew.
I was alone.
I had nothing,
until I met a magician
turned hippo,
and my life changed.
For my birthday,
he baked me a tiny cake
and then magically
jumped out of it.
He almost crushed me
when he slipped on frosting.
He's my brother.
He's my--
- Fine. All right.
Just please stop.
We'll get your roomie back.
[dramatic music]
- [muffled groan]
♪ ♪
- Tonight's top story: I'm here
to make your trade, Draxum.
- Good.
Now hand over
the gauntlet.
- [muffled]
It's a trap!
- I love you too.
We could do that, or I could
make you an even sweeter offer.
- Ooh, like what?
- A lifetime supply of gum?
- No.
- How about
your mutant loser turtles?
I brought them right here.
- Wait, did he
just give us up?
♪ ♪
[all groan]
- Betrayal!
I feel like we should
have seen that coming.
- How could you do this?
And on my birthday.
I was the vice president
of the Stoneheads.
- [exhales]
And he thanks you
for your service.
- [chuckling]
Whoa.
You drive a hard bargain.
But it's a deal.
Free him.
- Ah!
[groans]
- Tonight's headline:
best friends
reunited and it feels--
- I'm so sorry.
It was the only way
he'd let you live.
- Huh?
- Oh, mezmeroo!
Oh, give them the gauntlet,
my golden voiced amigo.
- Oh, man, a double betrayal.
Did not see that coming.
- You get the gauntlet
and the turtles
and Warren lives.
That was our deal, right?
- Yeah, no.
I lied.
- Huh?
Ah!
- Triple betrayal!
Everybody's
on fire tonight.
- But you said--
you promised.
- Only a true genius
could choreograph
this many betrayals
and double-crosses.
- I mean, it was
a total team effort.
- I am blushing.
- I was talking about me,
you idiots.
Now, time to do
some light removing
of one thing
attached to another thing.
- [grunts]
[rings zinging]
- Classic April O'Neil
birthday:
trapped in a cage,
betrayed by my idol,
and facing certain doom.
- Look on the bright side:
we're trapped in a cage
having been betrayed
by your idol
facing certain doom
together.
[crickets chirp]
Hey, I'm tryin' my best here.
- Huh?
- Hmm?
- Ta-da!
Wait, almost there.
A little higher.
To the right. Hold on.
And, yep, you're there.
Allow me to help.
- Okay, cowboy,
I don't know what kind
of double triple betrayal
you've got planned,
but we're not interested.
- I've got nothing
up my sleeve.
I promise.
- Ah!
- Oh!
- Please, you must save Warren.
Look, I--I'm a terrible roomie.
I--I--I cheat
on the chore chart.
He pretends not to notice,
but he does. I know he does.
[poignant music]
♪ ♪
- I just can't quit you,
Warren Stone.
- To be clear,
we're doing this for April
because it's her birthday.
[dramatic music]
[saw whirring]
♪ ♪
- [groans]
- Step away from my roomie.
- I've got him! I've got him!
Let's go!
Ah!
♪ ♪
- Little help here.
[all grunting]
- Huh?
Ah!
- We can't stretch him
any further!
- [whispers]
April O'Neil.
- Ah!
[all scream]
- Oh.
Huh?
[whimsical musical flourish]
Mmm.
- Finally another piece
of the dark armor.
Ew, gross.
- New victory dance.
- With extra butt action.
- Whew.
- How'd you know
about our old trick?
- What old trick?
- [screams]
[loud pop]
I'm fine.
Charlotte, my power!
You've made a grave mistake.
You are on my list.
- It was you or the gauntlet.
And to some, well,
you're kind of a big deal.
- I will haunt your dreams.
[gentle music]
- That's my Warren.
Oh, it's good to have you back,
roomie/magical assistant/
friend.
[smooches]
Doves!
Let's go make fun of
game show contestants on TV.
- April,
so about your birthday.
[chuckles]
We're really sorry
we weren't the ones
to break the curse
and, uh--
- Happy birthday.
- Uh...
Best birthday ever!